What do you mean the emperor is dying?
This stream is really what I heard.
Now work hard on that little bastard
Humph, I'm still furious
Hahahahaha, it should be true.
Qin Zhan has surrendered his military power
Here we go.
I will spread the news that the old emperor is dying
At the same time, I have prepared a ceremonial guard for you
As soon as the old emperor dies, you will take it out immediately
At that time, I will bring my elite soldiers to the palace gate
You take out the ceremonial guard
Help Prince Sang ascend the throne
By that time, Qin Xiu would be cornered
How dare you fake a posthumous photo
Hahahahaha
So what?
Let go of your woman's cowardice
This edict says that after the death of the old emperor
Third Prince Emperor
Aren't you excited?
You don't have fantasies about Qin Xiu, do you?
Make it clear that you are nothing more than the concubine of the old emperor
The meaning of the old emperor
Will Qin Xiu let you and your son go? Okay
Hahahaha
Good next
I'm going to the border.
Seek the help of the Great Gold Master
He and Qin Xiu have been feuding for a long time
I thought I would promise you.
What to do, of course, is to bring the amazing Iron Cavalry
And the 50,000 golden soldiers in Qin Zhan's hands
Fight to the death with Qin Xiu
When I break through the gates of the capital
Qin Xiu can only be slaughtered by me
Help!
Give this to the third prince yes
The emperor has always been kind to me
Even the rest of the day never really made it difficult for me
This road
Really on the right track
What are you doing here?
What, am I interrupting Su Houfei's good deeds?